DOCS-12115 update kubernetes version (#488)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-fabric: modules/ROOT/pages/runtime-fabric-logs.adoc

==== Elasticsearch Configuration Parameters

[IMPORTANT]
--

> Runtime Fabric 1.10.26 and later uses Fluent Bit 1.83 for external log forwarding. If you forward logs to Elasticsearch, you must set the  configuration parameter `Generate_ID` to `On`. By default, Fluent Bit sets this parameter to `Off`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Runtime Fabric 1.10.26 and later uses Fluent Bit 1.8.3 for external log forwarding. If you forward logs to Elasticsearch, you must set the  configuration parameter `Generate_ID` to `On`. By default, Fluent Bit sets this parameter to `Off`.
```

> Runtime Fabric 1.10.26 and later uses Fluent Bit 1.8.3 for external log forwarding. If you forward logs to Elasticsearch, you must set the  configuration parameter `Generate_ID` to `On`. By default, Fluent Bit sets this parameter to `Off`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Runtime Fabric 1.10.26 and later uses Fluent Bit 1.8.3 for external log forwarding. If you forward logs to Elasticsearch, you must set the configuration parameter `Generate_ID` to `On`. By default, Fluent Bit sets this parameter to `Off`.
```
